Bypassing Tendermint Light Client Proofs (#64)
anoma/spec: src/architecture/m1/ethereum-bridge.md

predicate will simply burn the tokens.

Once this transaction is approved, it is incumbent on the end user to 
request an appropriate "proof" of the transaction. This proof must be 
submitted to the appropriate Ethereum smart contract by the user to 
redeem their ETH. This also means all Ethereum gas costs are the 
responsibility of the end user.

The proofs to be used will be custom bridge headers that are calculated

> deterministically from the block. They will be designed for maximally

Reviewer: from the block contents, including messages sent by M1 and possibly validator set updates.

efficient Ethereum decoding and verification. 

For each block on M1, validators must submit the corresponding bridge
header signed with a special secp256k1 key as part of their vote extension.
The finalized bridge header with aggregated signatures will appear in the
next block as a protocol transaction. Aggregation of signatures is the 

> responsibility of the next block proposer. 

Reviewer: Add: "Validators must reject votes which do not contain the correctly signed bridge header."

The bridge headers need only be produced when the proposed block contains
requests to transfer value over the bridge to Ethereum. The exception is 
when validator sets change.  Since the Ethereum smart contract should
accept any header signed by bridge header signed by 2 / 3 of the staking
validators, it needs up-to-date knowledge of:
 - The current validators' public keys
 - The current stake of each validator

This means the at the end of every M1 epoch, a special transaction must be
sent to the Ethereum contract detailing the new public keys and stake of the
new validator set. This message must also be signed by at least 2 / 3 of the

> current validators as a "transfer of power". 

Reviewer: and this should be a part of the header, e.g. signing an invalid validator set transition is a slashable offence

should transfer the appropriate amount of M1 tokens from the M1 escrow account
to the address of the recipient.

## M1 Bridge Relayers

Validator changes must be turned into a message that can be communicated to
smart contracts on Ethereum. These smart contracts need this information
to verify proofs of actions taken on M1.

Since this is protocol level information, it is not user prompted and thus

> should not be the responsibility of any user to submit such a transaction.

Reviewer: although it should be _possible_ for a user to submit such a transaction if the bridge relayer is offline

This necessitates M1 nodes whose job it is to submit these transactions on
Ethereum at the conclusion of each M1 epoch. In theory, since this message
is publicly available on the blockchain, anyone can submit this transaction.

Nevertheless, M1 full nodes will have an option to serve as bridge relayer.
M1 governance will vote on a full node to act as relayer. The governance
treasury will be used to compensate the relayer for the gas fees incurred
as well as extra fees as payment for their trouble.

Since all M1 validators are running Ethereum full nodes, they can monitor
the performance of the relayer. If the performance is deemed unsatisfactory,

> a governance vote can be used to replace them.

Reviewer: anyone can elect to run the relayer at any time; governance is only necessary to pay a particular relayer

Author: I'm viewing relayer here as the designated payable one chosen by governance rather than as the binary that anyone could run. Maybe I should coin a better term.

Reviewer: right, OK - "the designated relayer operator" perhaps

Additionally, it is likely desirable to rotate the designated relayer on a
regular basis.

## Ethereum Smart Contracts
The set of Ethereum contracts should perform the following functions:

>  - Verify Tendermint proofs from M1 so that M1 messages can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Verify bridge header proofs from M1 so that M1 messages can
```
